Add release notes for 0.8.4 version (#1596)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2020-04-10-cobalt.md

the last 0.8.x version.

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Commits since last release</td>
    <td align="center">174</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Merged PRs</td>
    <td align="center">55</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">13</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>New features</td>
    <td align="center">3</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For full details: https://github.com/scalameta/metals/milestone/22?closed=1

Metals is a language server for Scala that works with VS Code, Vim, Emacs,
Sublime Text, Atom and Eclipse. Metals is developed at the
[Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)
with the help from [Lunatech](https://lunatech.com) along with contributors from
the community.

## TL;DR

Check out [https://scalameta.org/metals/](https://scalameta.org/metals/), and
give Metals a try!

- navigating to parent method
- support for `launch.json`
- new "Create new symbol" code action
- miscellaneous improvements

## Navigating to parent method

Metals will now calculate if any definition of a method in the current file

> overrides another method, in which case it will show new lens next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overrides another method, in which case it will show a new lens next to the
```

method's position. Once clicked, the user will be able to go to the super
method. Lenses also link to methods in external dependencies and are displayed
in files from libraries.

![Screenshot 2020-03-10 at 09 24 41](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10478402/76293237-fad12c80-62b0-11ea-9952-d8b536ffd374.png)

If they are found to be disturbing your workflow they can be easily disabled via
the `metals.superMethodLensesEnabled` configuration option - they are enabled by
default. For example in Visual Studio Code:

> 

Reviewer: Is it maybe also worth putting in a reminder that in order for these the work, ensure you have code lenses enabled in your client? I'm not sure if they are for vscode, but for example they aren't be default in coc.nvim.

Author: Added a mention, good idea!

![Screenshot 2020-03-09 at 16 24 21](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10478402/76293133-cbbabb00-62b0-11ea-84be-06c992af768b.png)

These new lenses should be quick to calculate but if you notice significant
slowdown you can also disable them, since when disabled they are not only not
displayed but also not calculated at all.

There is also an exposed server command `goto-super-method` that can be mapped
and used through shortcut in Visual Studio Code.

![Screenshot 2020-03-10 at 09 38 49](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10478402/76294356-fd348600-62b2-11ea-880e-7074df2928a6.png)

It is possible to also navigate the whole inheritance hierachy at once using the
new `super-method-hierarchy` command.

![super-hierarchy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10478402/76294832-de82bf00-62b3-11ea-847d-bc1d94136671.gif)

This new command can be invoked on a method definition. It calculates super

> method hierarchy and if more than one position is found it displays quickPick

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method hierarchy and if more than one position is found it displays a quickPick
```

> window (same as from new scala file) with super methods and when user selects
> one entry it jumps to that definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
window (same as the new scala file feature) which displays all super methods and allows a user to select
one and jump to its definition.
```

As an example in Visual Studio Code it can be bound to a shortcut this way:
![Screenshot 2020-03-10 at 09 48 55](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10478402/76295136-5d77f780-62b4-11ea-87bc-1d25c3e6d586.png)

## Support for 'launch.json'

> Previously, it was only possible to launch main classes or tests only via code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, it was only possible to launch main classes or tests via code
```

> lenses that would appear above a particular class. Now, we add a way to for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lenses that would appear above a particular class. Now, we add a way for a
```

user to be able specify the name of the the class or test to run. We will then
automatically try to detect the build target, which that class/test belongs to
and run it. In this release, we also add a way to specify the main class
arguments.

![launch_debug3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10850363/78788713-73103800-79ac-11ea-94b3-2e2d898992e4.gif)

While this will be primarily useful for the Visual Studio Code Metals extension,
it will also make it easier for other editors that support the Debug Adapter
Protocol. To obtain the uri needed for starting a debug session users can now
execute the `debug-adapter-start` command with params:

- for main class

```json
{
  "mainClass": "com.foo.App",
  "buildTarget": "foo",
  "args": ["bar"]
}
```

- for test class

```json
{
  "testClass": "com.foo.FooSuite",
  "buildTarget": "foo"
}
```

> `buildTarget` is an optional parameter, which might be useful if there identical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`buildTarget` is an optional parameter, which might be useful if there are identical
```

class names in different modules. A uri will be returned that can be used by the
DAP client.

More information about adding support for debugging is available
[here](/metals/docs/editors/debug-adapter-protocol.html).

## New 'Create new symbol...' code action

Previously we would propose to import a symbol (if available) in response to
"missing symbol" errors. Now, we also propose to create a new class, case class,
trait or object.

![2020-03-23 17 49 31](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/691940/77632315-1cd3db80-6f4e-11ea-9283-a2b522cedf1d.gif)

This might be useful when sketching out a domain model and should improve user
experience for fast prototyping.

## Miscellaneous improvements

- `package` is no longer added on imports from package objects
- if user right clicks on a file in Visual Studio Code the option for

>   `New Scala file` also shows now just as for directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `New Scala file` also shows now the same as directories
```

> - multiline string can now be formated exclusively when using `format selection`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a multiline string can now be formatted exclusively when using `format selection`
```

---
author: Tomasz Godzik
title: Metals v0.8.4 - Cobalt
authorURL: https://twitter.com/TomekGodzik
authorImageURL: https://github.com/tgodzik.png
---

We are happy to announce the release of Metals v0.8.4, which will most likely be
the last 0.8.x version.

> <table>

Author: I can't remember exactly, but I think it's because Markdown requires column labels, we could do something like:

| Summary                    |     |
| -------------------------- | --- |
| Commits since last release | 174 |
| Merged PRs                 | 55  |
| Contributors               | 9   |
| Closed issues              | 13  |
| New features               | 3   |

but not:

| Commits since last release | 174 |
| Merged PRs                 | 55  |
| Contributors               | 9   |
| Closed issues              | 13  |
| New features               | 3   |

> <table>

Reviewer 2: ah, that makes sense, thanks
